Upsun Express Guide v0.1 (#3437)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/friday/src/get-started/express/_index.md

Reviewer: That page is super long. Would it be helpful to split it into smaller chunks?

Author: maybe in a second time when we will harmonize all guides together. 
i like the way you did it for Laravel guide!

2. Create a [Github integration](integrations/source/github.md).
3. Add a Git remote to your local project, from the root of your Express directory, by inputting the following:
    ```
    $ git remote add origin <urlOfYourOwnGitHubRepo>
    $ git add . && git commit -m "init express"
    $ git push origin
    ```
{{< /note >}}

{{< /codetabs >}}

## Configure your project
To be able to host your Express application on {{% vendor/name %}}, some Yaml configuration files are needed at the root of your project to manage the way your application will behave.
These Yaml configuration files are located into a .{{% vendor/cli %}}/ folder at the root of your source code, the architecture of which will look like this:
```
├── .{{% vendor/cli %}}
│   └── config.yaml
├── .environment
└── <project sources>
```

{{< note >}}
An additional `.environment` file is located at the root of your source code, this file will override `.env` environment variables with {{% vendor/name %}} specific ones.
{{< /note >}}

To pre-generate these Yaml files, please use the following command from the root of your Express project and follow the prompt:
```shell
$ {{% vendor/cli %}} ify

> $ git init

Author: totally changed the order of the step, git init is now done at the beginning of the guide

> $ git add . && git commit -m "Init project"

Author: you're right, so, this my rewritings: 

- at the beginning of the guide, we add in a .gitignore file the node_module. 
- i change all of the git add to have the list of the files that needs to be commited.

```

> Command `{{% vendor/cli %}} ify` will automatically detect that you’re using an Express stack and generate the corresponding `config.yaml` Yaml files, like so:

Author: i add a note at the end of the section Configure your project telling that they can add any services during this process and link the Add a database guide.

In your project, the `main` branch always represents the production environment.
Other branches are for developing new features, fixing bugs, or updating the infrastructure.

To make changes to your project, follow these steps:

1. Create a new environment (a Git branch) to make changes without impacting production:

   ```bash
   {{% vendor/cli %}} branch feat-a
   ```

   This command creates a new local `feat-a` Git branch based on the main Git branch
   and activates a related environment on {{< vendor/name >}}.
   The new environment inherits the data (service data and assets) of its parent environment (the production environment here).

2. Make changes to your project.

   For example, edit the `./index.js` file and make the following changes:

   ```html {location="index.js"}
   app.get('/', async function(req, res){
     // Make the output.
     const outputString = `Hello, World! - A simple Express web framework template for {{% vendor/name %}}`
     res.send(outputString);
   });
   ```

3. Commit your changes:

   ```bash
   git commit -a -m "Update Hello world"
   ```

4. Deploy your changes to the `feat-a` environment:

   ```bash

>    {{% vendor/cli %}} deploy

Author: changed with upsun push, sorry, i copy/paste Symfony guide for this steps and didn't change deploy to push.
solved

   ```

   Note that each environment has its own domain name.
   To open the url of your new environment, run the following command:

   ```bash
   {{% vendor/cli %}} environment:url --primary
   ```

5. Iterate by changing the code, committing, and deploying.
   When satisfied with your changes, merge them to the main branch, deploy,

>    and remove the feature branch:

Reviewer 2: we mention removing the _branch_ but don't mention deactivating/deleting the environment. If they do `git branch -d feat-a` that will leave the remote environment up and running, costing them money. I think if we're going to tell them to delete the branch, we should give them the commands to delete the branch AND deactivate the environment (ie `{vendor} e:delete`)

Author: i add more steps into this section. 
So now, we merge, delete+deactivate the env and remove the local git branch

[//]: # (- Your project source code will be **hosted on your own Bitbucket repository**)

{{< codetabs >}}
+++
title={{% vendor/name %}} repository
+++
For the rest of this guide, you will use the normal Git Flow to commit your source code changes to Git history and use {{% vendor/name %}} CLI to deploy your [{{% vendor/name %}} environment](/environments.html) with latest code updates.

<--->
+++
title=GitHub repository
+++
{{% vendor/name %}} provides a feature called [Github integration](integrations/source/github.md) that allows your {{% vendor/name %}} project to be fully integrated with your Github repository.
Enabling you, as a developer, to use a normal Git workflow (`git add . && git commit -m "message" && git push`) to deploy your environment—with no need to connect to the {{% vendor/name %}} console.

{{< note >}}
Please make sure you that you have already completed the following steps before adding [Github integration](integrations/source/github.md):

1. Create a Git repository in your own organization following the relevant [Github repository creation guide](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-new-repository):

> 2. Add a [Github integration](integrations/source/github.md)

Author: I change the order for the `Choose your Git Flow` to be after project creation. 
Is that still incorrect ?

> 2. Add a [Github integration](integrations/source/github.md)

Reviewer 2: ❤️

```shell
$ upsun project:create --plan flexible
Selected organization: ACME Inc. on Upsun (acme-inc-on-upsun) (by default)
Creating a project under the organization ACME Inc. on Upsun (acme-inc-on-upsun)

* Project title (--title)
Default: Untitled Project
> My First Upsun Project

* Region (--region)
The region where the project will be hosted
  [org.recreation.plat.farm] org.recreation.plat.farm
> org.recreation.plat.farm

Default branch (--default-branch)
The default Git branch name for the project (the production environment)
Default: main
>

The estimated monthly cost of this project is: 26,45 €

Are you sure you want to continue? [Y/n] y
Your Upsun project has been requested (subscription ID: 12345678)

The Upsun Bot is activating your project

      ▄     ▄
      ▄█▄▄▄█▄
    ▄██▄███▄██▄
    █ █▀▀▀▀▀█ █
       ▀▀ ▀▀

The project is now ready!
xy52zopcxxd7u

  Region: org.recreation.plat.farm
  Project ID: xy52zopcxxd5rf
  Project title: My First Upsun Project
  URL: https://console.upsun.com/01h14dh7t32qd3nn1mcrd3x82e/xy52zopcxxd5rf
  Git URL: xy52zopcxxd5rf@git.org.recreation.plat.farm:xy52zopcxxd7u.git
```

{{< note >}}

> When creating a new project using the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI, your local source code will automatically be linked to your newly created {{% vendor/name %}} project.

Author: I change the order again, 
So now, at the beginning of the tutorial, you need to do the `git init` and so, during `project:create` it will ask the question to set the remote to the local Git repo. 
i just add a note at the beginning of the Set Remote section to let the reader know that he would do this section only if he answered no to the question during project creation. 
Is it ok?

After creating a project with the console, you need to let the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI know which linked project you want to deploy to.

To do so, use the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI to set remote project:
```shell
$ upsun project:set-remote <projectId>
```

This command will add a new remote called `{{% vendor/cli %}}` to your local Git repo as you can see below:
```shell
$ git remote
origin
{{% vendor/cli %}}
```

It will also create a new `.{{% vendor/cli %}}/local/project.yaml` file that will contain the given `<projectId>`, to store this info for the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI interaction.

{{< note >}}
If you don’t remember your `<projectId>` from the previous steps, you can get it back using this command line and select the one you created:
```shell
$ upsun project:list
```
{{< /note >}}

{{< /codetabs >}}

## Configure your project
To be able to host your Express application on {{% vendor/name %}}, some Yaml configuration files are needed at the root of your project to manage the way your application will behave.
These Yaml configuration files are located into a .{{% vendor/cli %}}/ folder at the root of your source code, the architecture of which will look like this:

> ```

Author: you're right, i change it to 
```
my-express-app
├── .upsun
 │   └── config.yaml
├── .environment
└── <project sources>
```

├── .{{% vendor/cli %}}
│   └── config.yaml
├── .environment
└── <project sources>
```

{{< note >}}
An additional `.environment` file is located at the root of your source code, this file will override `.env` environment variables with {{% vendor/name %}} specific ones.
{{< /note >}}

To pre-generate these Yaml files, please use the following command from the root of your Express project:
```shell

> $ upsun ify

Author: done, i change command to `project:init` + add a the shortcut in the explanation after the snippet.

> $ git add . && git commit -m "Upsun config.yaml file"

Author: .gitignore added in the steps.

> $ git push

Author: already solved

```

Command {{% vendor/cli %}}ify will automatically detect that you’re using an Express stack and generate the corresponding `config.yaml` Yaml files, like so:
```yaml
# .upsun/config.yaml
applications:
  # Complete list of all available properties: {{% vendor/url_doc %}}/create-apps/app-reference.html
  # A unique name for the app. Must be lowercase alphanumeric characters. Changing the name destroys data associated
  # with the app.
  app:
    # The runtime the application uses.
    # Complete list of available runtimes: {{% vendor/url_doc %}}/create-apps/app-reference.html#types
    type: nodejs:18
    # The relationships of the application with services or other applications.
    # The left-hand side is the name of the relationship as it will be exposed
    # to the application in the PLATFORM_RELATIONSHIPS variable. The right-hand
    # side is in the form `<service name>:<endpoint name>`.
    # More information: {{% vendor/url_doc %}}/create-apps/app-reference.html#relationships

>     relationships:

Author: already solved

    # disk: 512
    # The web key configures the web server running in front of your app.
    # More information: {{% vendor/url_doc %}}/create-apps/app-reference.html#web
    web:
      # Commands are run once after deployment to start the application process.
      # More information: {{% vendor/url_doc %}}/create-apps/app-reference.html#web-commands
      commands:
        # The command to launch your app. If it terminates, it's restarted immediately.
        start: "node index.js"

routes:
  "https://{default}/":
    type: upstream
    upstream: "app:http"
  # A basic redirect definition
  # More information: {{% vendor/url_doc %}}/define-routes.html#basic-redirect-definition
  "https://www.{default}/":
    type: redirect
    to: "https://{default}/"
```

## TODO Link your local project and {{% vendor/name %}} project

{{< note title="TODO">}}
TODO: this part is maybe not needed anymore if we only talk in this getting start guide of using the {{% vendor/name %}} Git repo
{{< /note >}}

There are slightly different ways to link your local project to your {{% vendor/name %}} project based on the Git flow you chose for you project as discussed earlier in this guide.

{{< note >}}

> If you use the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI to create your project, your local source code should already contain an `id` in your ``.{{% vendor/cli %}}/local/project.yaml`` file.

Author: solved

{{< /note >}}

{{< codetabs >}}
+++
title={{% vendor/name %}} repository
+++
If you host your Express source code on an {{% vendor/name %}} Git repository, you need to let the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI know which linked project you want to deploy to.

To do so, use the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI to set remote project:
```shell
$ upsun project:set-remote <projectId>
$ upsun deploy
```

This command will add a new remote called `{{% vendor/cli %}}` to your local Git repo as you can see below:
```shell
$ git remote

> origin

Author: as soon as you run a `project:set-remote`, it creates a git remote named `upsun`
or am i missing something ?

> origin

Author: ho, ok, that was just because the `git init` was not done prior to `project:create`, right? 
So this is good now.

{{< note >}}
If you don’t remember your `<projectId>` from the previous steps, you can get it back using this command line and select the one you created:
```shell
$ upsun project:list
```
{{< /note >}}

<--->
+++
title=GitHub repository
+++
{{% guides/whitelabel/git_integration git="GitHub" stack="Express" %}}
<--->
+++
title=Gitlab repository
+++
{{% guides/whitelabel/git_integration git="Gitlab" stack="Express" %}}
<--->
+++
title=Bitbucket repository
+++
{{% guides/whitelabel/git_integration git="Bitbucket" stack="Express" %}}

{{< /codetabs >}}

## Deploy
And just like that, it’s time to deploy!

Depending on the Git Flow you choose at the beginning of this tutorial, there are two ways to deploy your source code changes.

{{< codetabs >}}

+++
title=Using {{% vendor/name %}} Git repository
+++

When using the {{% vendor/name %}} Git repository as your main repository, you can push your code using the normal Git flow to push your source code changes to your `{{% vendor/cli %}}` remote repository, or by using {{% vendor/name %}} CLI command as seen below:
```shell
$ git add . && git commit -m "my new change"

> $ git push friday || upsun deploy

Reviewer 2: after doing an `environment:push` the site is throwing a 500 error. It appears that the generated start command is incorrect. In order to get [my Express demo](https://main-bvxea6i-k4wkcjfwbxvq2.sun.recreation.plat.farm/) to function correctly, it needed to be updated to 

```
start: "npm start"
```

> $ git push friday || upsun deploy

Author: in the latest CLI version (4.10.3), it adds a `start: "node index.js"`

```

<--->
+++
title=Using third-party Git repository
+++

> When using an external Git repository (Github, Gitlab, or Bitbucket) to store your source code and having the Git integration feature enabled, on each code updates, you will need to use the normal Git flow to push your code to your external repository using well known Git command seen below:

Author: so, do i remove them from the Guide ?

> When using an external Git repository (Github, Gitlab, or Bitbucket) to store your source code and having the Git integration feature enabled, on each code updates, you will need to use the normal Git flow to push your code to your external repository using well known Git command seen below:

Reviewer 2: I think we should but I've asked @chadwcarlson for his thought. 
From what I know, the github integration is going to work differently in Upsun than in PSH so we're going to need to update the integrations piece to account for it.

> When using an external Git repository (Github, Gitlab, or Bitbucket) to store your source code and having the Git integration feature enabled, on each code updates, you will need to use the normal Git flow to push your code to your external repository using well known Git command seen below:

Author: No need to remove it for now (feedback from Fabien), it will be soon available.

```shell
$ git add . && git commit -m "my new change"
$ git push
```

Your Github/Gitlab/Bibucket integration process will then automatically create a new environment if you’re pushing a new Git branch and deploy changes to your corresponding environment.

{{< /codetabs >}}

{{< note >}}

> **TODO**

Author: i add a link to the create project tutorial and remove all of the remaining todo in this first step.

[//]: # (If you already have an Express project ready to deploy, jump directly to {{< vendor/cli >}}ify section.)

[//]: # (These CLI command let you [configure your app]&#40;../../create-apps/_index.md&#41;,)

[//]: # ([add services]&#40;../../add-services/_index.md&#41;, and [define routes]&#40;../../define-routes/_index.md&#41;.)

{{% guides/link-philosophy %}}

{{< note >}}
**Have you seen the [{{% vendor/name %}} demo tutorial](https://github.com/platformsh/demo-project)?** It’s the perfect place to start in terms of figuring out how {{< vendor/name >}} work and gain a better understanding of what we provide.
{{< /note >}}

{{% guides/requirements name="Express" %}}

## Create your local Express app
First thing’s first, if you don’t have a local Express project, you need to create a new Express project locally following their [installation guide](https://expressjs.com/en/starter/installing.html).

Please refer to all the steps of the official Express installation guide for further details, but to sum it up, this is the 4 steps to create an Express app locally:

```shell
$ mkdir my-express-app
$ cd my-express-app
$ npm init

> $ npm install express

Author: i remove all of the `$` from the 3 guides for Express

```

## Init your Git repo
We need to initialize the local Git repository and commit local files, using the following command:
```
$ git init
$ git add package.json package-lock.json

> $ git commit -m "Init Express application"

Author: i removed all `$ ` from Terminal snippets.

```

We should also ignore adding ``node_modules`` folder to the Git repository. Use the following commands to do so:

```shell
$ echo "/node_modules" >> .gitignore
$ git add .gitignore && git commit -m "adding node_modules folder in .gitignore file"
```

## Add a Hello World route

> Please create your first Express page.

Author: i modify all of the title to have an extra line after it.
Will do the same in all of the other guides (NextJS and Strapi)

> To do so, please create, at the root of your project, a new ``index.js`` file that will contain a basic Hello world script:

Author: changed, thanks

```javascript
const express = require('express')
const app = express()
var port = (process.env.PORT || '3000');

app.get('/', (req, res) => {
  res.send('Hello World!')
})

app.listen(port, () => {
  console.log(`Example app listening on port ${port}`)
})
```
Then please commit your file using the following commands:
```shell
$ git add index.js
$ git commit -m "adding index.js"
```

## Create a new project
The next step is to create a project on {{% vendor/name %}}.
To do this, you can either use the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI or the {{% vendor/name %}} console—details on how to do this can be found below.

{{< note title="Remember" >}}
At the end of either using the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI or the Console section, please copy your new **projectId**, we’ll use it in the next section: link your local project to your {{% vendor/name %}} project.

> {{< /note >}}

Author: i totally remove this remember section as i change the note to let the user refer to `Set project remote` during the `project:create`

{{< codetabs >}}
+++
title=using the CLI
+++
To create a new project with the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI, use the following command and follow the prompt:
```shell
$ {{% vendor/cli %}} project:create
```

{{< note >}}
When creating a new project using the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI command ``project:create``, it will ask a question if you want to set the local remote to your new project. Please say Yes (y) to it.
Your local source code will be automatically linked to your newly created {{% vendor/name %}} project by creating a `.{{% vendor/cli %}}/local/project.yaml` file that will contain the corresponding `<projectId>` and set a Git remote to `{{% vendor/cli %}}`.

> 

Reviewer: `upsun set-remote` will provide an interactive list to select the remote. Therefore, it is possible to set the remote without keeping track of that id. Should we skip the `**Make sure you save your projectId for later use.**` part?

> 

Author: @AnouckColson 
i agree. 
In a normal way, as your local Git repo is already initialized, when doing the `project:create`, it will automatically set the remote. 
If not, they need to refer to section `Set project remote` with a tips on how to get this projectId back (`project:list`). 
So maybe it's better to remove this sentence, right?

> 

Author: ```
When creating a new project using the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI command `project:create`, you will be asked if you want to set the local remote to your new project. Enter **Yes (y)**.
Your local source code will be automatically linked to your newly created {{% vendor/name %}} project by creating a `.{{% vendor/cli %}}/local/project.yaml` file that will contain the corresponding `<projectId>` and set a Git remote to `{{% vendor/cli %}}`.

If you miss to say **Yes (y)**, please refer to section [Set project remote](#set-project-remote);
```

<--->
+++
title=GitHub repository
+++
{{% vendor/name %}} provides a feature called [Github integration](integrations/source/github.md) that allows your {{% vendor/name %}} project to be fully integrated with your Github repository.
Enabling you, as a developer, to use a normal Git workflow (`git add . && git commit -m "message" && git push`) to deploy your environment—with no need to connect to the {{% vendor/name %}} console.

{{< note >}}
Please make sure you that you have already completed the following steps before adding [Github integration](integrations/source/github.md):

1. Create a Git repository in your own organization following the relevant [Github repository creation guide](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-new-repository).
2. Create a [Github integration](integrations/source/github.md).
3. Add a Git remote to your local project, from the root of your Express directory, by inputting the following:
    ```
    $ git remote add origin <urlOfYourOwnGitHubRepo>
    $ git add . && git commit -m "init express"
    $ git push origin
    ```
{{< /note >}}

{{< /codetabs >}}

## Configure your project

> To be able to host your Express application on {{% vendor/name %}}, some Yaml configuration files are needed at the root of your project to manage the way your application will behave.

Author: ok, replaced all `Yaml` to `YAML` in text

$ git commit -m "{{% vendor/name %}} config files"
```

## Set project remote

{{< note >}}
If you used the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI command `{{% vendor/cli %}} project:create` to create your project and your local Git repo was already initialized, your local source code should already contain a ``.{{% vendor/cli %}}/local/project.yaml`` file that contains your `projectId` and you already have a Git remote repository set to `{{% vendor/cli %}}`.
You can jump to the next section.
{{< /note >}}

There are slightly different ways to link your local project to your {{% vendor/name %}} project based on the Git workflow you chose for you project as discussed earlier in this guide.

{{< codetabs >}}
+++
title={{% vendor/name %}} Git repository
+++
If you host your Express source code on an {{% vendor/name %}} Git repository, and you miss to answer `y` (yes) to the question `Set the new project <projectName> as the remote for this repository? [Y/n]` during the ``project:create`` command, you need to let the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI know which linked project you want to deploy to.

To do so, use the {{% vendor/name %}} CLI to set remote project:
```shell

> $ {{% vendor/cli %}} project:set-remote <projectId>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{{% vendor/cli %}} project:set-remote <projectId>
```

{{< note >}}
If you don’t remember your `<projectId>` from the previous steps, you can get it back using this command line and select the one you created:
```shell
$ {{% vendor/cli %}} project:list
```
{{< /note >}}

<--->
+++
title=GitHub repository
+++
{{% guides/whitelabel/git_integration git="GitHub" stack="Express" %}}
<--->
+++
title=Gitlab repository
+++
{{% guides/whitelabel/git_integration git="Gitlab" stack="Express" %}}
<--->
+++
title=Bitbucket repository
+++
{{% guides/whitelabel/git_integration git="Bitbucket" stack="Express" %}}

{{< /codetabs >}}

## Deploy
And just like that, it’s time to deploy!

Depending on the Git workflow you choose at the beginning of this tutorial, there are two ways to deploy your source code changes.

{{< codetabs >}}

+++
title=Using {{% vendor/name %}} Git repository
+++

When using the {{% vendor/name %}} Git repository as your main repository, you can push your code using the normal Git workflow (`git add . && git commit -m "message" && git push`) to push your source code changes to your `{{% vendor/cli %}}` remote repository, or by using {{% vendor/name %}} CLI command as seen below:
```shell

> $ {{% vendor/cli %}} push

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{{% vendor/cli %}} push
```

```

<--->
+++
title=Using third-party Git repository
+++

When using an external Git repository (Github, Gitlab, or Bitbucket) to store your source code and having the Git integration feature enabled, on each code updates, you will need to use the normal Git workflow (`git add . && git commit -m "message" && git push`) to push your code to your external repository using well known Git command seen below:
```shell

> $ git push origin

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
git push origin
```

```

Your Github/Gitlab/Bibucket integration process will then automatically create a new environment if you’re pushing a new Git branch and deploy changes to your corresponding environment.

{{< /codetabs >}}

{{% vendor/name %}} will now read your configuration files, and begin building your application image. **Your first push
will fail**; don't worry, this is expected. At this point {{% vendor/cli %}} is not aware of the resources

> our application needs. We need to tell it what kind of CPU, Memory, and disk to assign to the various containers. Back

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
your application needs. You need to define how much CPU, memory, and disk to assign to the various containers. Back
```

in your terminal, run:

```shell

> $ {{% vendor/cli %}} resources:set

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{{% vendor/cli %}} resources:set
```

```shell
$ {{% vendor/cli %}} resources:set
Resource configuration for the project app (123456azerty), environment main (type: production):
+-----------------------+---------+---------+-------------+-----------+-----------+
| App or service        | Size    | CPU     | Memory (MB) | Disk (MB) | Instances |
+-----------------------+---------+---------+-------------+-----------+-----------+
| app                   | not set | not set | not set     | N/A       | 1         |
+-----------------------+---------+---------+-------------+-----------+-----------+
```
The first question is what profile size you want applied to your application image. For now let's select the minimum `0.1`:
```shell
App: app
Choose a profile size:
  [0.1 ] CPU 0.1, memory 64 MB
  [0.25] CPU 0.25, memory 128 MB
  [0.5 ] CPU 0.5, memory 224 MB
  [1   ] CPU 1, memory 384 MB
  [2   ] CPU 2, memory 704 MB
  [4   ] CPU 4, memory 1216 MB
  [6   ] CPU 6, memory 1728 MB
  [8   ] CPU 8, memory 2240 MB
  [10  ] CPU 10, memory 2688 MB
 > 0.1
```
Next it will ask how many instances of our application container we need deployed. For now let's go with `1`:
```shell
Enter the number of instances (default: 1): 1
```

> Last it will ask us to confirm our choices. Select `Y` and the {{% vendor/name %}} will take your selections, grab the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Last it will ask us to confirm our choices. Select `Y` and {{% vendor/name %}} will take your selections, grab the
```

> previous built images from early, apply our resource selections to them and deploy our full application!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
previous built images from earlier, apply your resource selections to them and deploy your full application!
```

Note that each environment has its own domain name.

> To open the url of your new environment, run the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To open the URL of your new environment, run the following command:
```

   ```bash

>    $ {{% vendor/cli %}} environment:url --primary

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{{% vendor/cli %}} environment:url --primary
```

Now that your project is deployed, you can start making changes to it.
For example, you might want to fix a bug or add a new feature.

In your project, the `main` branch always represents the production environment.
Other branches are for developing new features, fixing bugs, or updating the infrastructure.

To make changes to your project, follow these steps:

1. Create a new environment (a Git branch) to make changes without impacting production:

   ```bash
   {{% vendor/cli %}} branch feat-a
   ```

   This command creates a new local `feat-a` Git branch based on the main Git branch
   and activates a related environment on {{< vendor/name >}}.
   The new environment inherits the data (service data and assets) of its parent environment (the production environment here).

2. Make changes to your project.

   For example, edit the `./index.js` file and make the following changes:

   ```html {location="index.js"}
   app.get('/', async function(req, res){
     // Make the output.
     const outputString = `Hello, World! - A simple Express web framework template for {{% vendor/name %}}`
     res.send(outputString);
   });
   ```

3. Commit your changes:

   ```bash

>    $ git add index.js
>    $ git commit -m "Update Hello world"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
git add index.js
git commit -m "Update Hello world"
```

   ```

4. Deploy your changes to the `feat-a` environment:

   ```bash

>    $ {{% vendor/cli %}} push

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{{% vendor/cli %}} push
```

   ```

   Note that each environment has its own domain name.
   To open the url of your new environment, run the following command:

   ```bash

>    $ {{% vendor/cli %}} environment:url --primary

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{{% vendor/cli %}} environment:url --primary
```

   ```

5. Iterate by changing the code, committing, and deploying.
   When satisfied with your changes, merge them to the main branch, deploy,
   and remove the feature branch:

   ```bash

>    $ {{% vendor/cli %}} merge
>      Are you sure you want to merge feat-a into its parent, main? [Y/n] y
>    $ {{% vendor/cli %}} checkout main
>    $ git pull {{% vendor/cli %}} main
>    $ {{% vendor/cli %}} environment:delete feat-a
>    $ git fetch --prune

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{{% vendor/cli %}} merge
Are you sure you want to merge feat-a into its parent, main? [Y/n] y
{{% vendor/cli %}} checkout main
git pull {{% vendor/cli %}} main
{{% vendor/cli %}} environment:delete feat-a
git fetch --prune
```

   ```

   {{< note >}}
   Deploying to production was fast because the image built for the `feat-a` environment was reused.
   {{< /note >}}

   For a long running branch, to keep the code up-to-date with the main branch, use `git merge main` or `git rebase main`.
   You can also keep the data in sync with the production environment by using `{{% vendor/cli %}} env:sync`.

## Use a third-party Git provider

When you choose to use a third-party Git hosting service, the {{< vendor/name >}} Git
repository becomes a read-only mirror of the third-party repository. All your
changes take place in the third-party repository.

Add an integration to your existing third-party repository:

- [BitBucket](/integrations/source/bitbucket.md)
- [GitHub](/integrations/source/github.md)
- [GitLab](/integrations/source/gitlab.md)

> ## Next steps

Reviewer 3: For standardization, it would be good to have the same buttons as in Paul and Thomas' PRs for Flask and Laravel.
